Add documentation for `|` operator in `when` (#136)
rinja-rs/rinja: book/src/template_syntax.md

Because a `{% match %}` block could not generate valid code otherwise,
you have to provide at least one `{% when %}` case and/or an `{% else %}` case.

> You can also match over multiple values at once:

Reviewer: Maybe ↓?
```suggestion
You can also match against multiple alternative patterns at once:
```

Author: Better indeed! :+1:
